shooter standby
it's got the hug overbold plastic stock
the Accu trigger and the optic I'm
running is a vortex Viper 6.5 by 20 with
a 44 objective so again we've been back
our targets a little bit from where
we're shooting probably pushing 200
yards maybe we're not sure when you get
a rangefinder out here but definitely a
hike up the hillside and today for this
purpose we are shooting American Eagle
308 Winchester 150 green Full Metal
Jacket bug tail so I think we got two in
here because usually when we hit the
steel plates they're gonna fall over
which if you haven't watched the other
video they are inch or inch and a
quarter a thirty six steel plates eight
inch diameter and they're painted
fluorescent yellow up on the hillside so
let's see what we can hit
okay second one I was able to see where
we hit we got the plate on the right you
got the one on the left and we got the
guy on the Left weapon is clear again
really enjoying this rifle I'd say like
you said it's Rivington 700 really I
have no complaints I mean a while back I
had a Remington 770 in 270 Winchester
which was not even an overmold like the
Hogue it was like a cheap kind of a
plastic stock we aren't clear by the way
everything I'm fairly happy with this
setup the only thing that I would change
would be I just have kind of a cheap
Harris bipod on here I'd rather put like
an atlas but I saved the atlas for one
of the other guns that will film here in
a second so other than that let's go
ahead and pause the video for now and
we'll walk up and take a look at what
happened to the targets when they got
hit by 308 thanks hey there this is a
follow-up from our 308 shot here this is
one of the two plates we hit you can see
how close we can get in to see the depth
of that hit into the steel but it did
quite a little bit of damage when it hit
so we'll see what we can do I think
we're going to set up for a five five
six drill we were kind of hoping that
this lower carbon steel would work in
place of going to like an AR 500 steel
which is a little bit more expensive but
these didn't cost us a whole lot of
money so that kind of throw away tests
anyway it's again there's what the three
FMJ does 150 grain pretty substantial
dents into a steel plate so I'll go
shoot another gun right now
Thanks